I liked the [Charting the Global Climate Change News Narrative 2009-2020 dataset](https://blog.gdeltproject.org/four-massive-datasets-charting-the-global-climate-change-news-narrative-2009-2020/)

This dataset is actually four individual datasets. The first dataset catalogs television news mentions of climate change, the second highlights climate change usages in global online news coverage, the third global perspectives on climate change, and the fourth catalogs more 6.3 million English-language articles about climate change and the context. These datasets capitalize on the Internet Archive's Television News Archive as well as their own Web Part of Speech dataset. I think it offers great potential for the social sciences and communications/journalism fields by potentially offering insight into communication patterns and trends. Not much metadata is provided along with these datasets and, at the moment, they appear to be inaccessible with the dataset download links not working for me. 

The [Archivematica](https://github.com/artefactual/archivematica) and the [Awesome Digital Preservation](https://github.com/ruarxive/awesome-digital-preservation) repositories both interested me from within the digital-preservation topic. The archivematica repository contains all of the files and supporting documentation necessary to run the open-source digital preservation software. The Awesome Digital Preservation repository provides a lot of great links to various digital preservation tools. I think the latter offers a particularly helpful starting point when looking to begin any sort of project or solve a specific issue.
